---
title: 'My Story'
date: 2022-02-02
permalink: /posts/2022/02/My-Story/
tags:
  - Robotics
  - Robot
  - CPG
  - QIAU
  - childhood
---

First and foremost, I love writing code for Robots. My passion for Robotics can be traced back to my childhood, When I realized that I loved the things that were made by humans, the mechanisms and automation always thrilled me. 
So, I entered the Student Research Center in our city to discover the world imagined for myself. I took courses in “Introduction to the Robotics” in the fields of electronics, mechanics, and computers there. I was about 16 years old when I learned to code for microcontrollers and move Robots. This was very exciting for me, So my friends and I decided to found the Ghooghnoos team and we planed to build a Robot. Eventually, We built a pyramid fighter Robot that reached to fourth place in IranOpen Robocup competition, Demo Robots League, in 2009.

Before I had entered university, I got to know how Robots work and read a few books on various aspects of Robotics. I knew that control science is one of the most important areas in Robotics, So the field of control has been very attractive to me since that time. Therefore, I entered Qazvin Azad University in Control and System Engineering in the 2012. After that, I joined my university's research center called the Syntech Research Center in the second year of the bachelor's degree and have done research on a variety of topics in the Automotive Research Department. Most of the projects I’ve done there, including Control Systems simulation (such as for Robots, UAV, Quadrotor, Tricopter and etc.), Electrical design and Robotics. Also, I am skilled in Computer programming and as well as skills in machine learning, image processing, source control, Linux, embedded Linux (on RaspberryPi and BeagleBone) and STMicrocontroller programming. Following my first educational degree, I admitted into a M.Sc of Control and Systems Engineering at the same university with a scholarship from Syntech Research Center as a researcher. During my M.Sc, I have taken courses like Neural Networks, Optimal Control, Nonlinear Control and etc. Now, my research area is about using Central Pattern Generators (CPGs) controller for Quadrupeds Robots locomotion, their stability analysis and balance control in undesirable conditions.

My goal in my life is to make a positive impact on humans life and humanity, But a short term goal I have set for myself is to use programmable and artificial CPGs controller to treat people with spinal cord injury. In my opinion, Robotics can help a lot to medicine and rehabilitation and is a never ending puzzle that I am passionately engaged in solving. I believe in the power of Robotics to transform and improve the lives of people around the world. Even with my background, I realize I can’t change the world, but I hope to make a difference.

<!--
Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------
-->